## Revamp: WHW value proposition content proposal


### Problem

There doesn't exist a value proposition that goes beyond the literal actions you can accomplish on the site. We only promise a cheap taxi where we could be selling a comfortable experience.

Based on [WHW][1] philosophy, we should define which is the **Why** of Suntransfers and how this message is communicated and informs everything we do on the site. The **How** and **What** parts are already defined and clear enough.

[1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u4ZoJKF_VuA


### Task

- Write the **Why** longer explanation to be placed below the reviews boxes.
- Write the promise based on the **Why** for the site header.
- Tweak the rest of the informative texts accordingly.


### Proposal

**Why**

Your holiday begins here.
Your first tour is on us.
Arrive with us. Leave worries behind.
Transfer complete.
Complete your transfer. Welcome to your holidays.
Your transfer can't wait. We can.
We know where you are going.
We'll show you the way.
Arrive sooner.
We are there yet.
Get there moving.
There and back again.
There we are.
The easy road.
Begin
Arrive
Start







**How**

Everything you don't need to worry about.

We are there waiting to pick you up as you begin your holidays —forget about flight delays. Our professional drivers will help with your luggage and drive you through the city in a modern, high quality vehicle directly to your chosen destination.

Don't worry about language, currency or fuzzy credit card charges. Welcome to a door to door, hassle-free, excellent service. It's all paid up. Just relax and have a really nice holiday.

We'll be there again to bring you back whenever you want.


Unlimited waiting time
Meet and greet
Door to door, professional drivers
No hassles, already paid
High quality service, low price
Flexible booking, up to 48 hours before your transfer


**What**

A ride for every occasion.

We offer standard, premium and large capacity vehicles for all kinds of travelers, from the lone up to 72 people groups  specially equipped for children and burdensome luggage.


---


## 4. Form control error


### Problem

Losing focus on an input form with a blank value immediately triggers the _Required_ error. Is it best to show all errors on submit or display and correct them one by one?


### Tasks

- Investigate and decide on the best solution.
- Define a working process for both desktop and mobile.
- Create visuals to explain the process.


---


## 5. Stepper


### Problem

The _Stepper_ that displays the number of steps needed to finish your booking is not interactive. Propose a new design that contemplates adding more information and simple interaction or navigation to improve the booking experience.


### Tasks

- Clarify the needed steps to complete the booking and rename them accordingly if necessary.
- Decide on the amount of new information and possible useful interactions that could be incorporated.
- Define a working process for both desktop and mobile.
- Create visuals to explain the process.
